All right.
So time for challenge 16. Make sure that you've watched a class lesson on Express routing parameters because
this challenge is all about putting it into practice. To start off this challenge
I want you to head over to your console and you're going to type the letters 'rs' while your nodemon
server is running.
What this does is that it will force nodemon to restart your server.
And in terms of our website that means it will get rid of any previous blog post that we had because
it will rerun this entire page and it will set our posts array back to empty.
So the challenge is can you change the code inside Atom such that we head over to localhost:3000
/posts/ anything you type in here, let's say testing right.?
Then when I hit enter it should do nothing on our page but when you head over to our terminal it should
print whatever it is that comes after
/post/ right?
So this last part, whatever it is I write in here, when I hit enter it should get logged in our console.
And this requires you to apply what you learned in the last lesson about route parameters and using
Express JS to achieve this.
So pause the video and complete the challenge
now. All right so there's only one hint for this challenge and that is remember that using Express if
you have a read of the documentation, you can see that whatever parameter you have in here you can access
it using request.params and then dot the name that you've put over here
right? So whatever it is, it has to be spelt exactly the same. And hopefully this is enough of a hint for
you to be able to reach the answer yourself.